Sprint 9 summary
================

### Florian

### Joseph

This week I worked on implementing the grou viewmodel which required a bunch
of refactoring in other repositories and activities. While refactoring, I spot
a few bugs which I managed to fix. Yet again, I am working on Firebase code so
my PR had a small diff-coverage (under the 50% threshold), so I chose to test
the `FirebaseDeadlineRepository` (#190) to reach the threshold. I know making
a PR this big is not a good idea but I saw no other way around the coverage
threshold, apologies to my team mates which are going to review it. Next week,
I will work on Firebase action links to enable users to invite people to their
group, and I might try to work on the UI as well.

### Lenny

### LÃ©o

### Louis

### Valentin

My task for this week was to (almost) finish the parser for dates and times.
There were 3 scrum board tasks to implement this, but they are strongly
connected so I was working on all three at the same time and thus it is a
bit difficult to estimate the time that each of them took, but generally
speaking it was slightly above my time estimates. During the sprint, we also
decided that I should include a basic use of the parser in the app (which was
initially not planned because I thought that it would be more complicated than
it actually is), so that we
have something to show during the demo. Next sprint, I will have to add more
"parsing patterns" to the parser (i.e. make it able to recognize more ways of
writing dates and times), make a popup that gets displayed to the user to ask
whether s-he want to take the date/time found by the parser when a deadline is
created and add a slider to modifiy the sensitivity of the procrastination
detector.

### Overall team
